# README #

The purpose of scala-template project is to provide developer reference guideline to create Scala project. 
This project goes further and sets an example for creating all the necessary pieces of information for deployment to kubernetes cluster 
This is to be noted that this is just the reference implementation for developers around how to setup project and get started.
Developers need to clone the bit bucket repository for creating their own project. Same stands true for jenkins job as well.
No modification is to be made to bit bucket repository for this template.

Though any modifications and feature addition requests are welcomed.

###  Project Skeleton ? ###

The Project has the following Structure:
Root
	/.idea
	/project
	/src
		/main
			/java
			/resources
			/scala
			/scala-2.11
		/test
	/target
	.gitignore
	build.sbt
	README.md
	.dockerignore
	Dockerfile
	Jenkinsfile
	deployment.yaml

.gitignore specifies intentionally untracked files that Git should ignore. A project normally includes such .gitignore files in its repository, containing patterns for files generated as part of the project build.
Patterns read from $GIT_DIR/info/exclude .

.dockerignore prevents files from being added to the initial build context that is sent to the docker daemon when you do docker build , it doesn't create a global rule for excluding files from being created in all images generated by a Dockerfile.

Dockerfile is a text document that contains all the commands a user could call on the command line to assemble an image. Using docker build users can create an automated build that executes several command-line instructions in succession.

Jenkinsfile is a text file that contains the definition of a Jenkins Pipeline and is checked into source control. This encapsulates all the logic worked out by jenkins job.


### How to deploy? ###

Go to your Docker Terminal

Issue Commands:
cd your-project-folder ( use /c/ for C: in Windows; example 'cd /c/workspace/scala-template-app'
docker build -t scala-test .
docker run -it  scala-test  "run CmdLineArgs-1 CmdLineArgs-2 CmdLineArgs-3"
-- OR if No Command Line Argument is to be used, simply
docker run -it  scala-test  

### Kubernetes Install Information for Windows ###
https://rominirani.com/tutorial-getting-started-with-kubernetes-on-your-windows-laptop-with-minikube-3269b54a226#.g6ypbbdqh
http://www.slideshare.net/marcuslonnberg/ship-your-scala-code-often-and-easy-with-docker

###For Future R&D and Refinement ###
https://github.com/marcuslonnberg/sbt-docker


### Deployment via Jenkins Route ###
Any Code change and merge to develop will automatically trigger a Jenkins Build.
Jenkins build will utilitze the deployment.yaml and the Jenkinsfile and the Dockerfile.
Results of the application via the Logs can be seen in the Relevant Kube Name Space
https://api.kube-dev.dev.awsinternal/api/v1/proxy/namespaces/kube-system/services/kubernetes-dashboard/#/log/templates/scala-template-deployment-3165248741-hm6uc/scala-template?namespace=templates